profiling: clarify Go delta profiling default configuration (#13465)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/search_profiles.md

: Shows a snapshot of the number of goroutines currently executing the same functions (On CPU as well as waiting Off-CPU). An increasing number of goroutines between snapshots can indicate that the program is leaking goroutines. In most healthy applications this profile is dominated by worker pools and shows the number of goroutines they use. Applications that are extremely latency sensitive and use a large number of goroutines (> 10.000) should be aware that enabling this profile requires stop-the-world pauses. The pauses occur only once every profiling period (default 60s) and normally last for `~1µsec` per goroutine. Typical applications with a p99 latency SLO of `~100ms` can generally ignore this warning. See our [Goroutine Profiling in Go][2] research for more in-depth information.

#### Delta profiles

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: In Go profiler versions before <code>1.33.0</code>, Allocations, Allocated Memory, Mutex, and Block metrics are shown as measures <em>accumulated since the process was started</em>, as opposed to <em>during the profiling period</em>. The change to delta profiles in version <code>1.33.0</code> lets you see how these measures are changing instead of accumulating. Delta profiling is on by default. Profiler version <code>1.35.0</code> added the ability to disable delta profiles using the <code>WithDeltaProfiles</code> option. <br/><br/>As of profiler version <code>1.37.0</code>, accumulated profiles are no longer uploaded when delta profiling is enabled to reduce upload bandwidth usage. <a href="/help/">Contact Support</a> to discuss your use case if you rely on the full accumulated profiles.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: In Go profiler versions before <code>1.33.0</code>, Allocations, Allocated Memory, Mutex, and Block metrics are shown as measures <em>accumulated since the process was started</em>, as opposed to <em>during the profiling period</em>. The change to delta profiles in version <code>1.33.0</code> lets you see how these measures are changing instead of accumulating. Delta profiling is on by default. Profiler version <code>1.35.0</code> allows you to disable delta profiles using the <code>WithDeltaProfiles</code> option. <br/><br/>As of profiler version <code>1.37.0</code>, accumulated profiles are no longer uploaded when delta profiling is enabled to reduce upload bandwidth usage. <a href="/help/">Contact Support</a> to discuss your use case if you rely on the full accumulated profiles.</div>
```
